Bugaria's lush outskirts connect all of the four Kingdoms together.
The flourishing Ant Kingdom capital is home to the Explorers' Association and the Ant Palace.{There's a public Residential Area, and a private one housing farms and homes for Ants.
A cavern at the edge of the Ant Kingdom, the grave of many explorers.{The river that cuts Bugaria Outskirts flows from here.
This vast desert in the heart of Bugaria houses bandits and many dangerous creatures.{However, many ancient artifacts are scattered here, which attracts explorers.
The hills beyond the Golden Settlement, a place of spiritual power.{They say the Goddess Venus lives in this area, keeping the Golden Settlement in perpetual autumn.
The path separating Bugaria Outskirts from the Golden Settlement, politically part of the|line|Bee Kingdom.{The stickbugs that live here built vast farms that use wind powered windmills to operate.
This farming settlement produces much of Bugaria's food and dyes.{A festival for the Goddess Venus is held here every few moons, which attracts tourists from all |line|over the land.
This barren region is mysteriously shrouded in perpetual fog.{Only vicious creatures live here, but the Termites somehow built their Capitol here.
This wild uncolonized area is part of the Wasp Kingdom.{The dangerous fauna and flora, and the Wasps' constant patrolling scare away most bugs.
This dangerous area is completely lost to nature. Not even Wasps dare tread it in fear of the beasts...
This settlement was built to house travelers crossing the desert to visit the Hive.{However, it's gained its own identity as a bustling merchant town.
This ancient castle's full of crystals that can bend nature, and its insides are frozen despite the exterior heat.{Many ancient automatons still roam it to this day.
The capital of the Bee Kingdom, where most Bees live.{They truly love arts and elegance, which gives the Kingdom a regal feel.
The Bees produce all their honey in this Factory! Bees used to make the honey themselves, but drones have taken over.
A giant structure of unknown origin, repurposed to be a prison by the Ant Kingdom. It houses the world's worst criminals!
The Giants are nothing but a myth, but this and other towering structures all over the world are |line|said to have housed them.
The lake formed from the river that crosses Bugaria Outskirts, named after its famous touristic|line|spot, the Metal Island.
This bug-made metallic island is the go-to vacation resort for rich bugs!{It also hosts the Spy Card tournament, popular across Bugaria!
A massive dome city housing the technologically advanced Termite Kingdom.{Gray, smoke-filled skies are the norm here.
Wasps will protect their Hive to the death, pushing away all unwanted visitors.
The hideout of the desert bandits. Crates filled with stolen goods can be found in every corner.
This mountain marks the center of the Lost Sands, its spout feeding the Oasis.{The insides are damp and filled with lesser bugs that love dark and humid places.
Chompers thrive in this cave isolated from the rest of Bugaria.
This humble damselfly village has managed to fish and live peacefully despite being surrounded by beasts.
This abandoned Roach laboratory hidden within Snakemouth seems to hold some relation to the |line|Everlasting Sapling...